Sandra's iPhone: Turn it down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Sandra's iPhone: I'm good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are things going this week. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Real good. Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, we sold our house in Texas and we're gonna buy another one here.
Sandra's iPhone: So with the leftover money and we're just gonna buy an old crappy one and not have a mortgage to fix it up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, no progress.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, no more paying 1000 a month for 30 years we can't do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's a lot of money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely game. So when does all this take place.
Sandra's iPhone: Well, we already sent our papers back and I guess the people went and signed today at four in Texas. So hopefully tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Day when that stressor dresser off your plate.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. And what else is going on.
Sandra's iPhone: Not much working
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Words going good.
Sandra's iPhone: Yes, Bill, did kick my butt, though.
Sandra's iPhone: Old Lady
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I here. Yeah, definitely. Um. How's things going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those funny. How's things going with your kids.
Sandra's iPhone: I'm good.
Sandra's iPhone: Real good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. So tell me what has been, I kind of want to go over this a little bit of a checklist that we are working on right now. Tell me some of the things that are working for you in your life right now.
Sandra's iPhone: I know just working going to meetings going to church. I didn't go to church last week that I've been to a couple meetings this week so
Sandra's iPhone: I try to make two meanings in church, but sometimes I don't make all of them, you know,
Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: That's okay though.
Sandra's iPhone: I know a lady at works son is using again and
Sandra's iPhone: She just bought him a truck with $575 a month payments and I just keep them away from me.
Sandra's iPhone: Because I've known him a long time. Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: It when he was 17 he was driving 55 barrels gallons of meth over for the cartel.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Sandra's iPhone: Liquid math, you know,
Sandra's iPhone: Oh geez. So the poor guys really caught up and I really, you know, I feel bad for him but
Sandra's iPhone: He's just got a clue to answering his phone and answering the front door.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, not going nowhere.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's in some recovery.
Sandra's iPhone: I feel sorry for people like that. Now, you know, I used to
Sandra's iPhone: Try to save them. But now I just pray for them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's all you can do. Huh.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a big piece of powerlessness that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're still working with their sponsor or did you get a different one.
Sandra's iPhone: You know, I'm still working with Michelle. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's going good.
Sandra's iPhone: Oh yeah, she keeps me on my toes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what we need, though, right, keep
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keeping it real, keeping it active.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So let's so that's exactly what's working and you're able to, are you on a routine a daily routine.
Sandra's iPhone: Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me about your routine during the day.
Sandra's iPhone: Well, I get up. I have coffee. I
Sandra's iPhone: Read do my daily reading. So I read in a couple of books I'm pray, then I get ready for work, go to work and I'm at work all day and I come home. Sometimes I go to a meeting. Sometimes I just get in bed.
Sandra's iPhone: And that's my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What time. What time do you get up.
Sandra's iPhone: At six 630 so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What time I have to be to work.
Sandra's iPhone: At 830
Sandra's iPhone: I have to open. I open and close every day, so he put me right in the middle of being them a responsible one for the office.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you're doing it.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, I had to do it before. A lot of times, you know, same building even since 1986
Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mike
Sandra's iPhone: Working out. It's been a my sister on a waterbed store before the real estate office. I worked at the water bed store.
Sandra's iPhone: Now marketing back at the real estate office. I was a realtor in the 90s here. Mm hmm. Everybody keeps going around to getting your license. I'm like, now I think I like being a receptionist.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We are
Sandra's iPhone: yelling at me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, makes perfect difference
Sandra's iPhone: Just the realtors now I just ignore them, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What, tell me again what company you work for what
Sandra's iPhone: Era era Simmons real estate. I'm the office coordinator
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK. So, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how is your eating habits been
Sandra's iPhone: I'm
Sandra's iPhone: Still, about the same.
Sandra's iPhone: I have lost like 12 pounds, though in the past like month
Sandra's iPhone: month and a half.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just don't have an appetite or
Sandra's iPhone: Not really. I don't know. I mean,
Sandra's iPhone: I used to eat a lot like a bunch of times a day. And now I just can't I just eat like once a day. I just don't feel like eating. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what's your meals like
Sandra's iPhone: Like meat potatoes, carrots, ladies.
Sandra's iPhone: Stuff like that are a lot of Mexican food.
Sandra's iPhone: No, no. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's a pretty good meal that I do today. Yeah, and
Sandra's iPhone: 1 million every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's your water intake. Good.
Sandra's iPhone: Eyes. You see these big bottles and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: I that's how I gauge my water intake I at least drink one of those a day.
Sandra's iPhone: Every day, at least one usually one and a half or two.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Say good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. So tell me some things that aren't working in your life that you still need to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To work on
Sandra's iPhone: Well, I went I got a ultrasound and I got a CAT scan and my ultrasound and CAT scan show that my ultrasound shows that my cirrhosis of the liver isn't really throws us anymore that my liver is getting better.
Sandra's iPhone: It's some yeah and so
Sandra's iPhone: And then my heart aneurism used to be at 4.5 now it's at 4.3
Sandra's iPhone: So is going on. Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your body's healing itself.
Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Pretty much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pretty amazing. Don't you think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Oh.
Sandra's iPhone: very resilient.
I know I thought
Sandra's iPhone: It.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me that it doesn't motivate you to keep doing what you're doing.
Right.
Sandra's iPhone: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So those are all good positive things that are going on.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me something else that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Aren't working or not working.
Sandra's iPhone: Um,
Sandra's iPhone: I don't know everything. Yeah. Everything seems to be going unbelievably well at this moment is kind of freaking me out.
Sandra's iPhone: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're yeah
Sandra's iPhone: Everything going wrong for so long. And then things just start working out. It's like, well, I guess it's meant to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's about time, that's for sure.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's any of our you're experiencing any side effects from your medication or is everything just flowing the way that it should be.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, it's just good going good. Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Except for I've had like my nose is just pouring this past couple of days to three days just pouring all the whole time. I guess it's probably from the weather around here something or the trees. I'm not sure allergy.
Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: We live right by the White Sands. Do you know
Sandra's iPhone: What the White Sands is okay.
Sandra's iPhone: Wait, oh, it's this, it's a national law used to be a national monument and then they just upped it to something else. I don't know. But it's this whole patch of White Sands right out here in between LM Gordo in Las Cruces
Sandra's iPhone: And
Sandra's iPhone: That when the wind blows the sand blows up in the air, straight up, and you can
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah. It's giant sand dunes pure white for miles out there at the white sentence orange. But when the wind blows it every all the sand blows up in the air and it's kind of like, well, it's gypsum, the sand is gypsum. So it's like little shards of glass, you know, blowing up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When I want to buy your nose is running.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right makes perfect sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, to get all that stuff out of there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah, that's no good. So you guys are planning on buying a house in that area.
Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Yep. Um, this past week my
Sandra's iPhone: My one of my son's turn 31 than one of them turn 43 today. Are you It's tomorrow, really. But I did a big surprise party at work for him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Sandra's iPhone: And I had ever and I decorated it all up. I had all the agents come in and it was a cool little party.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, I was
Sandra's iPhone: Surprised and I've, I've not been able to be by him for his birthday for
Sandra's iPhone: 20 years, you know, so it was really cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. Did you get them something what you get him.
Nothing.
Sandra's iPhone: Apart wedding.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Party.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What days, do we stop buying gifts for our kids on their birthday. At what age.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you know when they're adults. They're totally cards are good enough. Oh.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. And so tell me, have you found your the meetings that you're going to have you found them to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good solid group of people or yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they're kind of helping you.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, good solid people here. Yes. Yeah, they're pretty good.
Sandra's iPhone: Good.
Sandra's iPhone: That's important. Yeah, I'll probably start looking for a sponsor around here, you know, the non anytime real soon. And I'm doing real good. So I don't want to change something that's working good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, understandable. Definitely. Why break it. If it's not big why
Sandra's iPhone: Why fix it, right. I
Broke.
Sandra's iPhone: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And everything's been going good. No, no. Cravings or
Anything like that. Oh, no.
Sandra's iPhone: Not really. I've had some dreams drug dreams but besides that.
Sandra's iPhone: I was on this pill that they gave me. It's called prison.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, or PTSD for my nightmares and stuff but I forgot to tell my new doctor about it so
Sandra's iPhone: It's pressure medicine and my blood pressure has been really low. So I don't want to mess with none of that right now. I guess you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are your dreams waking you up, or are you
Sandra's iPhone: Oh yeah, and I wake up, like in my whole head is wet with sweat my hairs all driven way.
Sandra's iPhone: From sweating. It's crazy. I went through menopause like 10 years ago. So I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely sell it. Yeah.
Probably
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely night terrors are definitely a piece of it that a lot of people go through when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, getting their life together and back on track. And it's almost like their body's way of trying to get things out to, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah Birgit
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Any other, any other issues.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you've been experiencing. Besides, I
Sandra's iPhone: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your emotion that's been really good and regulated.
Sandra's iPhone: Very stable.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, very stable, which is good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, very, very good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah diety
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You haven't been
Sandra's iPhone: Sometimes, but not a whole lot. Just when I get yelled out at work or some by like the top agent, you know, she's expecting something she's got 50 people calling and she expects me to know what to do.
Sandra's iPhone: Tell me first, and then I can do it, you know.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Makes sense. Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nothing else has come up
Sandra's iPhone: You know, just for
Sandra's iPhone: One of the agents. I work with her husband's a federal agent. So the dean's office has been calling my work trying to get in touch with him and today he came in and full regalia and his cock are all muted.
Sandra's iPhone: And I've got really bad the DSP from cops. You know, so dean's office calling is sweating me for this federal aid and all the times freaking me out a little
Sandra's iPhone: Was yesterday because this black Dodge interceptor pulled about back of my work to see if his car. Was there like these da people are nuts, man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And he works he's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's a co worker right
Sandra's iPhone: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean he works with them so
Sandra's iPhone: He doesn't really work with them. He wasn't he was on a case. This was back in 2009 and he was on a case and they just rested. Some people up now occur key that the DNA is connected to. And another guy and Jill up an hour rolled on him.
Sandra's iPhone: And then they put the DNA, together with the other guy. And so he's you know it was important that they get in touch with him, but
Sandra's iPhone: You know he had the message is not to he'll get he'll get back with you, you know, cheese, they just they've been calling and calling and calling like before I get into work. They're calling a
Sandra's iPhone: During the day they're calling today, they call it was 1132 or 1133 Bruce had an appointment with us at 1130 I'm like really lady, you can't wait five minutes.
Sandra's iPhone: I got back on the phone. I got what he's on his way in.
Sandra's iPhone: But all of that was me.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, my husband wants me to tell you about the coronavirus. Okay, another agent that I work with had an appointment at a doctor's home today and the doctor told her that
Sandra's iPhone: There was a plane flying and White Sands to Holloman Air Force Base was seven people on it to be quarantined with the coronavirus
Sandra's iPhone: They didn't land at home and Air Force Base, they landed at element Gordo airport and they got off and walk away and now they're trying to find the seven people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, no.
Sandra's iPhone: That's right here. And so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to keep yourself safe. Make sure that your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Sandra's iPhone: What I mean yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cuz it's everywhere. I know here in Sacramento. There was, I know that there's been one confirm case probably more that they have a reported yet but you know it's all over yet. Schools. Schools are closing down because of the kids being sick and passing it around and
Sandra's iPhone: Probably not that around and Iris for
Sandra's iPhone: The flu, for sure. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just got to keep yourself safe and, you know, if I go into a doctor's office or hospital I'm wearing a mask.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I mean, I'm yeah I'm not touching anything grocery stores everything. Keep your hands covered wipe down at you know basket.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes yourself say
Sandra's iPhone: You know yes and stock markets crashed.
Sandra's iPhone: And like she doesn't watch the news john
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The world's falling apart.
Sandra's iPhone: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One thing after another.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Well, I think we did a pretty good check in and you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're doing really good
Sandra's iPhone: And I think I am, I haven't. I mean, I haven't done really like this. Well, and years, three years in there so I'm doing real good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so let's just, you know, keep what we're doing every couple weeks, do a check in, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just kind of go from there. And then also you agree tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, and we'll kind of go from there. Sounds
Sandra's iPhone: Good, thanks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you have a great evening.
Sandra's iPhone: You too.
Sandra's iPhone: Okay. Bye bye.
Bye Sandy.